# SJARACNE-Internal

## Download

<code>git clone https://github.com/jyyulab/SJARACNE-Internal.git</code>

## Requirements

<p> Python 2.7.5 </p></br>

## Running pipeline

### EASY RUN

<code>$ls data/\*.exp > exps.lst </code></br>
<code>$ls data/tf/\*.txt > tfs.lst </code></br>
<code>$<> empty.lst </code></br>
<code>$python generate_pipeline.py exps.lst tfs.lst empty.lst BRCA100_TF 40</code></br>
<p>Run the following scripts starting from 01 to 04 one by one. Make sure that before running each step the preceeding step is successfully done.</p>

<code>00_cleanup_BRCA100_TF.sh</code></br>
<code>01_prepare_BRCA100_TF.sh</code></br>
<code>02_bootstrap_BRCA100_TF.sh</code></br>
<code>03_getconsensusnetwork_BRCA100_TF.sh</code></br>
<code>04_getenhancedconsensusnetwork_BRCA100_TF.sh</code></br>

#### STEP 1

<p>Generate three text files, first one containing all the paths to expression data each one in a line, second one the corresponding transcriptom factor (tf) file paths in each line, and the third one the respective signaling genes (sig) file paths in each line.</p></br>

<code>$ls data/\*.exp > exps.lst </code></br>
<code>$ls data/sig/\*.txt > sigs.lst </code></br>
<code>$ls data/tf/\*.txt > tfs.lst </code></br>

#### STEP 2

<p>Use generate_pipeline.py as follows to generate the pipeline.</p></br>

<code>$python generate_pipeline.py exps.lst tfs.lst sigs.lst BRCA100 40</code></br>

<p>The 4th argument is the name that will be used in the script files generated by generate_pipeline.py.</p>
<p>The 5th argument is the depth of partitioning.</p></br>

<p>NOTE: If running only for tf or for sig, make an empty file and use it instead of sigs.lst or tfs.lst in the above command, respectively.</p></br>

<p>This will generate 5 scripts as follows:</p></br>

<code>00_cleanup_BRCA100.sh</code></br>
<code>01_prepare_BRCA100.sh</code></br>
<code>02_bootstrap_BRCA100.sh</code></br>
<code>03_getconsensusnetwork_BRCA100.sh</code></br>
<code>04_getenhancedconsensusnetwork_BRCA100.sh</code></br>

#### STEP 3

<p>Run the scripts one by one starting from 01 to 04.</p>


